## Wrap Up

### 1. What Liscensing Agreement did you choose and why?
I chose the Creative Commons Zero v1.0 Universal liscense. This allows my data/code to have the widest reach by allowing it to be used by both commercial and private users, as well as allowing it to be distributed or modified for future use. 

### 2. What data archiving options are recommended by the Montana State Univeristy Library?
Montana State University Library recommends several general repositories for data archiving:
- DRYAD 
- Zenodo
- ICPSR

Montana State University Library also recommends several disciplinary repositories:
- PLOS
- Scientific Data
- NIH (National Institutes of Health)

### 3. How would using GitHub help make your data/code align with FAIR protocols?

GitHub helps make my data/code more findable, accessible, and re-usable. It gives me a place where I can publish my code/data and where someone else could find it by searching via key words or topics. By being able to upload the data and code, it means that someone else can also potentially re-use it for other types of analyses. Overall, being able to do these things would help make my data more aligned with FAIR protocols.

### 4. What are the advantages of making your data/code more widely accessible?
The advantages of making my data/code more widely accessible is that it allows someone else to build off what I have done, to do similiar analyses (using the code), or to do a whole new analysis that incorporates some of the data that was collected. It could also allow for collaborations in building code for analyses. All of this allows more research/discoveries to occur and for science to move forward.

### 5. What are the disadvantages of making your data/code more widely accessible?
Some disadvantages could be someone mis-using the data or not receiving credit for my work.

### 6. What data/code from your grad project would you envision publishing on GitHub?
I could see potentially publishing my survey data or some of the code for my analyses or simulations (especially if I end up writing something complicated that I think could be beneficial for others to be able to use). I could also see publishing some of my code if I end up writing something useful for spatial analyses for which there isn't already a tool in arcGIS. 

### 7. What data/code would you not publish? Why? 
I wouldn't publish data that I use that was not generated by me. For example, I have permission to use IMBCR (Integrated monitoring bird conservancy of the rockies) data in creating a habitat suitability map, but I don't have permission to share the data (though I can share the map that was created). I also wouldn't publish potentially sensistive data such as actual grouse locations (because the capacity for mis-use is potentially higher since my study species is a game species). 
